# Review scripts for Computer Graphics and Linear Algebra

This repository contains review scripts for the topics related to computer graphics and linear algebra. Each script covers one topic. They can be run in two modes. In interactive mode, the script generates questions on the fly and checks your answer. In batch mode, the script generates a pdf quiz. The generated_reviews directory contains reviews that have already been generated by these scripts.

## Installing Python

The scripts are in Python 3. You can download Python [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/). Choose the appropriate link for your operating system. Make sure the version you get is above 3. Run the installer.

## Installing dependencies

### Image, numpy

The scripts include some Python packages. You can install them using pip, which is included in the Python installation if it is above 3.4. To upgrade pip, run from the command line:

```
pip install -U pip setuptools	# Linux or OS X
python -m pip install -U pip setuptools	# Windows
```

Then, use pip to install:

```
pip install numpy
pip install Pillow
```

### R, ggplot

[download page](http://lib.stat.cmu.edu/R/CRAN/), choose the appropriate link for your operating system. Run the installer.

Once R has been installed, type `R` at the command line. This should take you into an interactive R session. At the prompt, type `install.packages("ggplot2")` and press Enter. Choose from the list of mirrors the closest one to where you are and type its number at the prompt. Once the package has been downloaded, type `q()` to quit.

